Is this true?
Xiaoqiao, what's wrong with you? I have been designated by Mr. Lu as his personal stylist.
Wow, it’s so compact!
Xiaoqiao, we are good sisters,
In the future, when your father is born, please don’t forget us.
As a result, this Xiaoqiao has an unusual relationship with Mr. Lu,
As a designer, our company has one more good mobile phone designer.
He had just arrived, and Mr. Lu felt that he was so caring.
Yes, yes, this is the treatment for the future talented wife.
That's you
It turns out he told me that
Is the design selected?
Just do his personal styling work
Shen Zhihan is not just special to me
Everyone is getting to know each other
But fishing
Is this your work attitude in practice?
The president’s personal designer
It's time to get off work now
I've done my job
Whatever I want to do, I'll just manage it later.
I'm waiting for you
I'll make way for you, I'll fire you